Add some configs in tidb-lightning-configuration.md (#7698)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# If a line ends with a separator, remove it.
trim-last-separator = false

# [[mydumper.files]]
# Expression used for parsing AWS Aurora parquet files
# pattern = '(?i)^(?:[^/]*/)*([a-z0-9_]+)\.([a-z0-9_]+)/(?:[^/]*/)*(?:[a-z0-9\-_.]+\.(parquet))$'
# schema = '$1'
# table = '$2'
# type = '$3'
# 

> # Sets rules for merging sharded schemas and tables. Specifically, import tables 1 and 2 from `my_db1` and tables3 and 4 from `my_db2` to table5 of `my_db`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sets rules for merging sharded schemas and tables. Specifically, import `table1` and `table2` from `my_db1`, and `table3` and `table4` from `my_db2` to `table5` in `my_db`.
```
